what's going on everybody welcome back
to the city of Z once again I will be
your tour guide today and I hope you
enjoy your stay and we are back in black
ops 2 zombies on the map origins hope
you guys are excited as I am cuz I don't
know I don't know about you guys but I
know I had never noticed this - last
night I was just messing around
taking a break playing some zombies
listening to some music I was on origins
I went down here to the staff room and I
happened to notice something I'm sure
you guys have noticed it before but I'm
gonna take a deeper look in because I
don't think many people have really
talked about it and talked about what it
means if they've even seen it at all I
know I haven't seen it all no shame
about it some people are just just
notice it more but I haven't really seen
anyone talk about it so take a look at
these wonderful wonderful statues these
wonderful specimens carved out of
whatever gemstone rock that the ancients
made now these are the ancient staff
holders this is gonna be my new computer
background right here by the way it's
pretty baller you know I don't know but
anyways these faces should look familiar
to you they should really look familiar
to you and I'm gonna blow it up all for
you guys in a moment just take a good
look at them
tell me what you think do they look
familiar if they do you're on the right
track because really these faces these
characters are our characters they are
our original crew they are the old crew
right here is younger version of Nicolai
now I'm gonna bring up a picture right
about now so you guys can see that he's
got the beard he's got the mustache he's
got similar facial features now right
over here we got tank Dempsey now taking
Richthofen actually look a lot alike but
that is tank Dempsey because Richthofen
is clearly Richthofen here we got Tokyo
Tokyo looking
looking snazzy as always with that beard
and then over here this last look at
tank now we're gonna go over pest Tokyo
over to with the wonderful Edward
Richtofen and now you can clearly tell
this is Richthofen based on that stash I
mean can mistake that face you really
can't just take that face
so these statues are in fact our
original crew they are our old crew and
I never knew that I never knew that all
the times you're playing origins all the
times I've built the snaps I've never
seen them I've never actually looked up
to take a look at their faces and it's
actually our little crew now thing is
what does this really mean the fact that
the ancients built statues of our crew
yes this is all just a game and you have
to think about that too like this is all
just the game so that's sort of almost
discredits this part of the storyline in
one of my theories or it discredits the
entire storyline as a whole but really
if the ancients built these statues of
the characters that just seems like
whole mind-blowing storyline information
if you know what I'm saying like if if
the ancients knew that they that these
four heroes were gonna come and they
were gonna just start wrecking shit up
sorry for my language but I thought this
was pretty exciting they knew that this
was gonna happen they knew that these
four men were gonna stumble upon their
encampment and save Samantha that's some
heavy foreshadowing right there I'm
already had I don't know an awkward
shadow and just hinting it and stuff I
thought that was pretty cool guys not
exactly sure what exactly it means but I
thought it was awesome
did you guys know about this before
please don't get super mad at me if you
did I know I didn't and if I know I
didn't then I know some of you didn't as
well and then this video is for you guys
so I will see you guys next time thank
you very much for watching be sure to
stay tuned for year-round zombie content
as well as other awesome games and I
will see you guys next time have a
fantastic day peace out
yeah